+++

# About widget.
widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 30  # Order that this section will appear in.

title = "Industry Projects"

# Choose the user profile to display
# This should be the username of a profile in your `content/authors/` folder.
# See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/get-started/#introduce-yourself
#author = "admin"
font_size = "S"
+++

## Department of National Defence, Canada
**IDEaS, Aug 2019 - Dec 2019**
- The project falls under the umbrella - “Understanding Cyber Intent”. 
- A Context-Aware and Machine Learning Framework was presented to Predict, Detect and Differentiate Cyber-Attacks. The proposed framework   includes three modules, a cognitive module for detecting known attacks against existing attack signatures, an adaptive module for generating alerts, mitigating the effects of known attacks, and context-aware use of resource-intensive ML and DL tasks, and a classification module for classifying attacks with machine-learning techniques and neural networks.
- Neural Network Distillation process was implemented to interpret the learning models to update existing attack signatures of Snort.

## Arolytics Inc. [Phase II]
**NSBI Voucher Grant Oct 2019 - Feb 2020**
- This research project revolves around building a framework that securely stores user's credentials and streamline data generated by gas emission plants.
- Several hashing algorithms, data encryption algorithms, key exchange techniques, and 2-factor authentication was implemented.
- The application was built on flask, using Mondo DB as a database, and deployed in AWS.

## Arolytics Inc. [Phase I]
**NSBI Voucher Grant July 2019 - Sept 2019**
- This research project involved building a solution to generate plume concertation for gas emission plants.
- The solution was developed in python and JavaScript in order to implement the Gaussian model-based plume dispersion algorithm and visualizing the concentration in a web-interactive map.

## Spritely Technologies Inc.
**NSBI Voucher Grant Dec 2018 - Feb 2019**
- A literature survey was conducted on real time communication protocol (RTCP) to implement real time chat system and notification system.
- Developed a functioning demo on implementing third party chatting engines such as PubNub, Pusher, SendBird and ChatCamp.
